Stuart Poynter, the Ireland wicketkeeper-batsman, has signed a two-year contract with Durham cricket, which means that his international career with Ireland is effectively over.

Poynter could earlier play county cricket as a local player - a luxury that was afforded to Ireland players and other cricketers from EU member countries. However, a change in ECB's eligibility rules meant that Poynter, in order to continue playing with Durham, had to either register as an overseas player or end his international career to remain as a local player, with the London-born cricketer choosing the latter.

"The 28-year-old - who is just 11 first-class runs away from 1,000 - has made the decision to continue his county career, turning down the opportunity to further represent Ireland in international cricket," Durham stated in a media release on Monday (October 9).

Poynter, who has played one Test, 21 ODIs and 25 T20Is for Ireland, featured in all three formats during the full series against Afghanistan in February-March 2019, which was his last international appearance.

Cricket Ireland acknowledged the contributions of Poynter, with Richard Holdsworth, the Performance Director, saying: "On behalf of the coaches, players past and present, and staff at Cricket Ireland I would like to thank Stuart for his service to Irish cricket since he made his debut for Ireland in 2011. Stuart has played 60 times for the national side, his last appearance being his Test debut against Afghanistan in early 2019."

"He has certainly been one of a cohort of players who has been part of the rapid climb of Irish cricket over the last decade from Associate Member to Full Member with Test match status, and I'm pleased for Stuart personally that he played in a Test match before he finished with international duties."

Meanwhile, Durham also announced the re-signing of Liam Trevaskis and Jack Burnham. The 20-year-old Trevaskis, a left-arm spinner, picked up seven wickets at an economy of 4.45 during the 2019 edition of the One Day Cup while also bagged 12 wickets in the T20 Blast. The 22-year-old Burnham scored four half-centuries during the County Championship.
may be good for him
May be bad for ireland
can be govern by ICC
